# Jabbercracky Hashcat Rules

## What is Jabbercracky?
Jabbercracky hosts realistic time-locked password cracking events designed to be fun and competitive for the cybersecurity and cryptographic communities with an arcade inspired theme. All hashes are 100% artificial and generated by us for safe competition. When events are not active, all lists are available for practice to help level up your skill set.

- https://jabbercracky.com/login
- https://jabercracky.com/about-jabbercracky

> The contents of this repository are intended for educational purposes only.

## Rules

- `jabbercracky_short_15.rule`: The shortest rule created to show basic rule
  examples and slow algorithms.
- `jabbercracky_[NUMBER].rule (50-250k)`: Iterative rules designed for consistent
  coverage. Each set is built off the last, meaning that the larger sets will
  contain the smaller ones in addition to new rules. The largest rules will
  contain all the repository rules and some not featured.
- `jabbercracky_[MODE]_30k.rule`: Specially crafted rules to show examples of
  creating rules for specific patterns. Each of these shows off a method to rule
  creation.
    - `append`: appending non-alphabetical characters and patterns
    - `prepend`: prepending alphabetical characters and patterns
    - `phrase`: examining creating phrases and long strings using rules
    - `taggle`: toggle and non-alphabetical rule combinations
    - `poggle`: prepending and toggle alphabetical characters
- `jabbercracky_post_process`: A rule demonstrating that when doing multi-rule
  configurations, having a smaller secondary rule set at the end will be more
  efficient. An example rule of creating a specific rule for post-processing
  other rule chains.


> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Absolutely no hashes are real and are 100% generated by Jabbercracky for events.
